:memo: SECURITY: Add disclose policy (#372)
Combodo/iTop: SECURITY.md

> ## 🔍 Combodo feedbacks

Reviewer: just "feedback" without s?

Author: I've decided to completely change the title :D See in 2d39a56d
What do you think ?

Security issues always take precedence over bug fixes and feature work.

The assignee will keep you informed of the resolution progress, and may ask you for additional information or guidance.

## 📆 Disclosure Policy

> Once the fix done and acknowledge by every stakeholder, it will be included in next iTop version.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the fix is done and acknowledged by every stakeholder, it will be included in next iTop version.  
```

_Not sure of the "is done" 👀_

> Once the fix is done and acknowledged by every stakeholder, it will be included in next iTop version.  

Reviewer: in the next iTop version

Author: Fix in 2d39a56d, thanks !
